Alteration

					Alternate Resistance (TN +2)
					If this Action is resisted by Wp, it is resisted by Df
					instead. If it is resisted by Df it is resisted by Wp instead.

					Blast (TN +2)
					This Immuto may be taken up to three times. The
					Action's Damage Flip gains 0/0/b the first time it
					is taken, 0/b/b the second time, and 0/b/bb the
					third time. These effects are added to the damage the
					Magia deals.

Combined Spell (TN +5)
This Spell combines the effects of two Spells. Choose
a second Magia and add its effects to this Spell. The
Spell must follow these requirements:
•The second Magia must have a Base TN equal to
or lower than the Base TN of the primary Magia.
•The resist of the Magia must be the same.
•The Primary Magia may only have Immuto that
can be applied to both Magia.
•The Magia must be different.
240 Chapter 8: Magic

Delay [Special] (TN Variable):
The Spell is delayed, waiting for a set time to be
released. When an Action with the Delay Immuto is
taken the character spends the AP to cast the Spell
and declares all targets as normal, but no other Spell
effects are resolved and no Duels are made. Instead,
when the Delay condition is met, the Spell takes
effect and is resolved as normal, with no additional
AP spent.
The caster may choose to not have the Spell take
effect at the prescribed time, allowing the Spell to
instead dissipate.
There are two situations that can be chosen to resolve a
delayed Spell:
Turns (TN +2): The character chooses a number of
turns (up to 10) of Dramatic Time that the Spell will be
delayed. After that many turns have passed, the Spell
takes effect.
Defined (TN +5): The character may define a situation
in which the Spell will be cast, such as when an enemy
walks through a location, or a key word is spoken. Unless
made permanent through Harness Soulstone, this effect
will dissipate, without resolving the Spell, at sunrise or
sunset (whichever comes first).
The defined situation must be an external event, it cannot
be something that the Caster has control over (such as,
"when I say the magic word"). The defined condition
must be an event that the character cannot absolutely
predict. For instance, he could set a Spell to cast when
a door is opened, however, it would simply dissipate if
the character then opened the door himself, or had a
knowledgeable friend do it.

					Ignore Caster (TN +2)
					This Spell has no effect on the caster of the Spell, he
					suffers no damage and is only subject to secondary
					effects. For instance, the caster is immune to the fireball
					Spell itself, but, if he sets the building on fire, he still has
					cause for concern.

Focus Object (TN Varies)
This Spell requires a focus to be cast, allowing the caster
to reduce the Spell's TN by requiring a Focus Object.
When this Immuto is learned, the Focus Object is also
chosen, and cannot be changed later on. A character
may, however, learn multiple versions of this Immuto.
Any attempts to cast a Spell with a Focus Object
Immuto without the Focus Object, immediately fail.
The object must be brandished when the Spell is cast.
A character who, for instance, requires a wand for a
Spell must have the wand in their hand and visible to
all. In the case of non-portable objects, it must simply
be visible to all and touched by the caster (although
many casters will add a bit of showmanship as a matter
of professionalism).
The TN reduction is based on the portability and
commonality of the object (combine the two for a
final TN adjustment).
Portability:
-0 TN: Light object that can fit in a small pocket, such
as a coin or handful of beans.
-1 TN: Object that can be held in one hand or carried
in a pouch/holster, such as a wand or a pistol.
-2 TN: Object that can be carried in two hands, such
as a staff or a rifle.
-3 TN: Objects that are effectively immobile without
much effort, such as an engraved summoning circle
or large iron cauldron.
Commonality:
-0 TN: Extremely common object that can be readily
purchased for under 10§, such as a length of rope or
a pistol.
-1 TN: Object with a few requirements but that is
reasonably available, such as a certain make/model
of pistol, or a wand made from oak.
-2 TN: Object that must be specifically crafted by
or for the caster (requiring at least 2 hours of work),
but that can be replaced, such as a special staff, or a
customized weapon/pneumatic limb.
-3 TN: Objects that are irreplaceable. If the object is
lost or destroyed the character is just out of luck!

----
Augmentation Immuto
These Immuto enhance the way a Magia performs,
usually by increasing numeric values inherent to the
Spell's effect.


					Additional Suit (TN -2)
					The TN for the Spell gains an additional required
					Suit of the caster's choice.

Alter Range (TN Varies)
This Immuto may be placed
on a Spell multiple times.
Each time it is taken the
Spell moves up or down the
Range Step table one step.
Moving up the table (lowering
the range) reduces the TN of
the Spell Action by -2. Moving
down the table (increasing the
range) increases the TN of
the Spell by 2.
Some Spells do not have a y
or z symbol in their range. If this is the case, they move
up and down the range table as normal, but they do not
gain the Close or Projectile (yor z) attached to range.
A y Magia may never increase its range beyond y3,
and a z Magia may never reduce its range below z5.

					Increase AP: (TN -3)
					The Spell requires 1 additional AP to cast. This Immuto
					may be taken multiple times, but a character may not
					spend AP over multiple turns to cast this Spell. This
					Immuto may only be placed on Spells cast during
					Dramatic Time.

					Increased damage (TN +2)
					This Immuto may be placed
					on a Spell multiple times.
					Each time this Immuto is
					taken, improve the Magia's
					Damage Flip one step on the
					damage Step table.

					Increased Duration (TN +2)
					This Immuto may be placed
					on a Spell multiple times.
					Each time it is taken move
					the Spell duration down the
					Duration Step table one step.
					Any part of the Spell with a
					set duration (for instance the
					time a target remains buried
					by a Bury Spell) will be
					increased 1 step.
					Spells with a duration that
					sit between two steps (for
					instance, Animate Limb) are
					assumed to sit on the lower
					step of the two they are between. For instance, an
					Animate Limb Spell cast by a character with a Charm
					+ Enchanting of 5 would be considered a "1 Month"
					Spell. By raising the TN by 2 he can increase the
					duration to 6 months.

					Increase Pulse (TN +2)
					This Immuto may be placed on a Spell multiple times.
					Any pulse range in the Spell is increased by 1, and the
					TN to resist the pulse is increased by 1.

					Increase Resistance (TN +2)
					This Immuto may be placed on a Spell multiple times.
					Any Duel made by characters affected by the Spell (such
					as Horror Duels) has the TN of the Duel increased by 1.

					Increased Severity (TN +1)
					Increase the Severe value of the Damage Flip by 1. A
					Magia may have this Immuto multiple times, increasing
					the Severe damage of its Damage Flip by 1 each time.
					Magia that do not have a damage flip, but instead deal
					a set amount of damage, may take this Immuto as well,
					increasing the damage by 1 each time this Immuto is
					taken. However, those Magia must increase the TN by
					+2, instead of +1.

					Pulse (TN +4)
					The Spell affects every legal target within an area around
					the initial target. If the target of the Spell is hit, then every
					character within 1 yard that could be affected by the Spell
					must succeed on a TN 10 Duel, using the same defense
					as the initial target.
					Any character that fails the Duel also suffers the results
					of the pulse. If damage is dealt they automatically suffer
					Weak damage.

					Reduce AP (TN +5)
					The Spell requires 1 less AP to cast. This Immuto may
					be taken multiple times, reducing the AP required by 1
					each time (to a minimum of 0).

					Reduce damage (TN -1)
					This Immuto may be placed
					on a Spell multiple times.
					Each time this Immuto is
					taken, decrease the Magia's
					Damage Flip one step on the
					damage Step table.

					Reduce Resistance (TN -2)
					This Immuto may be placed on a Spell multiple times.
					Any Resistance Duel made by the target (such as Horror
					Duels) has the TN of the Duel decreased by 1.

					Reduce Severity (TN -3)
					If the Spell deals a set amount of damage, instead of a
					Damage Flip, the Magia instead deals no damage. All
					other effects of the Magia remain the same. Targets that
					would suffer effects only if they suffered damage still
					suffer the effects of the Magia.

					Selective Targeting (TN +4)
					This Spell has no effect on characters the caster does
					not wish to target (although secondary effects may
					still affect them).
----

Elemental Immuto
Elemental Immuto are a sub-set of Immuto that add
elemental effects to some Spells. Along with the more
"traditional" four elements, Elemental Immuto include a
variety of other types of environmental effects.
A Spell may only have one Elemental Immuto placed
on it.


Darkness (TN +1)
Any character that suffers damage from the Magia also
gains the Blind condition for 1 turn. This Magia may
be taken multiple times, increasing the duration of the
Blind condition by 1 turn each time.

Decay (TN +1)
Any undead character that suffers damage from the
Magia suffers no damage and heals 1 damage instead.
This Magia may be taken multiple times, increasing the
amount of damage healed by undead by 1 each time.

Electric (TN +3)
Damage dealt by this Magia ignores armor. In addition,
the attack does not randomly determine its target if it is
used on a target that is engaged.

Fire (TN +2)
Any character that suffers damage from the Magia also
gains the Burning +1 condition. This Magia may be
taken multiple times, increasing the value of the Burning
condition given by 1 each time.

Ice (TN +3)
Any character that suffers damage from the Magia also
gains the Slow condition. This Magia may be taken
twice, and, if it is taken a second time, the target gains
the Paralyzed condition instead of Slow.

Natural (TN +2)
Any character that suffers damage from the Magia also
gains the following condition: "Rooted: This character
may not take Walk or Charge Actions. If this character is
pushed, remove this condition and the character suffers
3 damage."

Poison (TN +1)
Any character that suffers damage from the Magia also
gains the Poison +1 condition. This Magia may be
taken multiple times, increasing the value of the Poison
condition given by 1 each time.

Spirit (TN +4)
Damage dealt by this Magia ignores armor and the Hard
to Wound ability.

Terror (TN +1)
Any character that suffers damage from the Magia must
make a TN 6 Horror Duel. This Magia may be taken
multiple times, increasing the TN of the Horror Duel
by 1 each time.
----
Enchanting Magia
Enchantment is the art of magically augmenting a
target. Whether imbuing a sword so that it is constantly
freezing to the touch, or healing the wounds of a friend,
Enchanting Magia usually enhances a target in some way.


Animate construct
The caster imbues a prepared construct body with life so
that it might obey his commands.
Effect: Target inanimate construct comes to life as a
construct under the caster's control for 1 hour. At the
end of the Spell, the construct returns to its inanimate
form, and may be later reanimated.
A caster may only control one construct at a time.

Animate Limb
The caster causes an artificial limb to come to life under the
control of the character the limb is attached to.
Effect: The target limb comes to life for a number of weeks
equal to the Charm + Enchanting of the caster (or less if the
caster wishes). The limb is under the control of the character
attached to it, which is not necessarily the caster.
The limb must have been crafted to perform as a limb,
although it need not be shaped or otherwise created in
the form of a natural limb.
Pneumatic limbs are detailed on page 178. If a character
has a non-Pneumatic replacement (such a stitched
together arm from the flesh of dead men) then the TN
requires a C instead of a t.

Heal
The caster channels raw magical energy into a target,
causing it to return to its proper form.
Effect: The target heals 1/2/3 damage, if it is living.
The target may choose to not resist, making this Spell a
Simple Duel instead. Each additional time a character is
targeted by this Spell within an hour the TN is increased
by 3 or requires an additional a R (caster's choice). If
this Spell fails to heal a target, the target may not receive
magical healing from this Magia until the next sunrise.
Mend Critical
The caster focuses magical energy into the target, repairing
the worst of its damage.
Effect: Remove a single condition from the target, if it
is living. The target may choose to not resist, making
this Spell a Simple Duel instead.
The removed condition must be a Critical condition or
a condition placed on the target by a non-magical effect.
This is a 0 AP Action unless the condition being
removed is a Moderate or Severe Critical condition. If it
is Moderate this is a 1 AP Action and if it is Severe this
is a 2 AP Action.

Mend Critical
The caster focuses magical energy into the target, repairing
the worst of its damage.
Effect: Remove a single condition from the target, if it
is living. The target may choose to not resist, making
this Spell a Simple Duel instead.
The removed condition must be a Critical condition or
a condition placed on the target by a non-magical effect.
This is a 0 AP Action unless the condition being
removed is a Moderate or Severe Critical condition. If it
is Moderate this is a 1 AP Action and if it is Severe this
is a 2 AP Action.

Physical Enhancement
The caster enhances the target's physical prowess,
invigorating the target.
Effect: The target gains the following condition for
one hour: "Physically Enhanced +1: This character
adds +1 to his Physical Aspects, to a maximum of 5."

Elemental Weapon
The caster enhances a weapon, or a person's body, with an
elemental effect.
Effect: The target weapon gains the effects of an
Elemental Immuto, treating the weapon as if it were
the Magia that the Immuto were altering. This effect
lasts 1 minute.
The wielder of the weapon may resist and, if they
choose to do so, this Spell immediately fails.
This Magia may also be cast on a person, causing
their unarmed attacks to gain the benefits of the
Elemental Immuto. The target of this power suffers
no damage from this effect (they don't catch fire from
their burning hands, for instance).
This Spell must choose a single Elemental Immuto
to be cast.

Shapeshift
The Caster takes on the physical form of an animal.
Effect: The caster's body shifts into a Beast for 1
turn. The caster gains the Beast characteristic while
shifted, as well as all of the Beast's physical qualities
(such as poisonous fangs, or the ability to fly).
The TN for this Magia is 10t, plus the difference
between the Beast's highest Physical Aspect and the
caster's lowest Physical Aspect. For instance, a caster
with a Speed of -2 (his lowest Aspect) shifting into a
creature with a Might of +4 (its highest Aspect) would
have a TN of 16t (10, plus the difference of 6).
-----
Genus Immuto
These Immuto have two functions, in that they can add
a legal target to a Spell, or remove all others. These
are referred to as Unleashing and Chaining the Spell,
respectively.
A Spell may only have one Genus Immuto placed on it.
Each Genus's target modifier is listed without a positive
or negative value. This is because the TN for the Spell is
raised by the noted value when the Spell is Unleashed,
and the TN is lowered when the Spell is Chained.
Unleashing a Spell
If a Spell lists a specific target other than the target
type of the Genus Immuto, then the Immuto will add
the noted Genus to the legal targets of the Spell.
For instance, the Interrogate Spell allows the caster
to ask questions of a Living target. If the caster added
the undead Genus to the Spell, it would allow the
character to ask questions of an undead target.
Unleashing a Spell requires Fatemaster consent, as
many Spells simply won't have a way to resolve against
some target types. While creatively rationalizing or
resolving such things is the very essence of magic, it
is ultimately up to the Fatemaster to determine how
Unleashing a Spell works in these odd situations, if it
works at all.
When a Spell has an Unleashed Genus, it increases
the TN by the Genus's TN modifier.
Chaining a Spell
If a Spell can already target the Genus's subject, then
the Spell becomes Chained to the Genus. The Spell
can only choose targets with the noted Genus.

Beast (TN 2)
The Spell affects targets with the Beast Characteristic.

Construct (TN 2)
The Spell affects targets with the construct Characteristic.

Living (TN 1)
The Spell affects targets with the Living Characteristic.

Location (TN 3)
The Spell affects a location within range. Any targets in
the area that could normally resist the Spell are assumed
to automatically succeed in their Resistance Duel.

Inanimate (TN 3)
The Spell affects only objects that cannot move under
their own volition.

Spirits (TN 2)
The Spell affects targets with the Spirit Characteristic.

Undead (TN 2)
The Spell affects targets with the undead Characteristic.
----

Necromancy
The so-called "Dark Art" of Necromancy is, to its
practitioners, an art of life, death, and the very substance
of human existence. Necromancy Magia deals with the
ephemeral energies of thought and death.


Beckon
The caster lures a target towards himself.
Effect: Target character must move its Walk
Aspect directly towards the caster and must end this
movement as close to the caster as possible.

Bury
The caster traps a target within an "other realm" where time
does not pass.
Effect: The target is removed from reality. It will
return to reality at the end of the turn, appearing in a
safe spot within 1 yard of the caster, without sensing
that any time passed.

Cadaver Mask
The caster removes the face of a corpse and wears the dead
man's visage for a while.
Effect: The character removes the face of the corpse
and takes on the appearance and voice that the corpse
had in life. The character gains a ++ to all attempts
to impersonate the person. This effect lasts until the
next Sunrise or Sunset.

Interrogate
The caster sifts through the target's mind, looking for
answers to questions.
Effect: The caster may ask a single yes-or-no question
of the living target, plus an additional question for
each Margin of Success. The character will receive
a truthful yes, no, or "I don't know" answer from the
target, to the best of the target's ability.

Mind Control
The caster takes momentary command over the target's mind
and body, forcing them to take an Action against their will.
Effect: The target takes a 1 AP Action
that it could normally take under
this character's control. This Action
may not force the target to sacrifice
itself directly, but can cause him
to take Actions against his own
nature (such as attacking
his friends). A caster may
not affect themselves
with Mind Control.

Raise undead
The caster brings a corpse to life to serve him.
Effect: Target corpse becomes an undead under the
caster's control for 10 minutes. The undead undergoes
the following alterations from the original form:
•The undead's Tenacity is increased to 3 and all of
its other Mental Aspects are lowered to -5.
•The undead loses the Living Characteristic (if it
has it) and gains the Undead Characteristic.
•The undead loses any mental skills it had in life, and
the physical skill ratings are halved (rounding up).
Alternatively, this Spell may be used to take control
of an uncontrolled and non-sentient undead creature.
The new undead may need physical repairs (as critical
damage may physically render the body less useful).
Otherwise, the corpse is raised with half of its Wounds
remaining.
At the end of the Spell, the undead becomes
uncontrolled (and usually violent).

Subsume Corpse
The caster causes a corpse to disintegrate, restoring his own
body in the process.
Effect: Target corpse is turned into dust. The caster
then heals 1/2/3 damage, plus an additional number
of Wounds equal to the corpse's Resilience (if the
Resilience is positive).

Terrifying Aura
The caster emanates a powerful aura that causes terror in
the living.
Effect: The target gains a powerful Terrifying Aura
for 1 minute. If a Living character ends a movement
within a1 of the target, or attacks the target, it must
succeed on a TN 10 Horror Duel.
See page 219 for rules regarding Fated characters
causing Horror Duels.

---

Prestidigitation Magia
The arts included in Prestidigitation are more than simply
producing something from nothing. Prestidigitation
Magia governs anything with illusion, space, and the
corresponding locations of objects within that space.


Divination
The caster throws his sense to a target location, seeing and
hearing as if he were in that location.
Effect: The caster enters a divination trance, his body
going limp. While in the trance the caster can see and
hear as if his sense were located at the target location.
The target location must obey all of the normal targeting
restrictions for a Spell (range, Line of Sight, etc.).
The effects of this Spell last for one hour, or until the
caster wishes the Spell to end. The caster may not take
any other Actions while in a divination trance.

Teleport
The caster teleports the target causing it to vanish and then
reappear in a new location.
Effect: A target within range of this Spell is teleported
to a safe location within range of this Spell. The target
may choose to relent to the teleportation, in which
case the caster must make a Simple Challenge Duel
instead.
Objects may also be teleported, but if the object is in
the possession of someone, they may resist the Spell.

Conjuring
The caster summons an object from nothing in an instant.
Effect: The Caster summons an object that was
previously prepared for summoning. The object appears
in his hands, and must be an object that the character
can hold in both hands.
A character may prepare an object for summoning by
touching the object briefly and mentally concentrating on
it. A character may have a number of objects prepared
for summoning equal to his Cunning Aspect, with a
minimum of 1.
The range of this Spell is equal to the user's Cunning
Aspect in miles.

Invisibility
The caster obscures a target's appearance, blending in with
the background or becoming completely transparent.
Effect: The target becomes invisible for 1 round.
The invisibility immediately breaks if the character
interacts with the world in a meaningful way, such as
by attacking, moving an object, or opening doors.
Any attempts to spot the character suffer --- to
the Flip if the spotter is relying on sight at all while
the character is invisible. Even a guard who hears
footsteps, for instance, will believe his eyes when he
turns to see nobody there.
The character can otherwise be registered by other
senses, but not by magical "sight" based sense (such as
seeing spirits).
Any attacks made against an invisible character suffer
--- to their attack Flip. If the attack succeeds,
however, the invisibility ends as well.

Parlor Tricks
The caster produces one of a variety of minor and obviously
magical effects.
Effect: The caster may choose one of the following
effects to produce. These effects may never be used
to directly harm a target physically, and any situation
that would warrant a Resist Duel is automatically won
by the Defender, if he wishes.
•Instantly clean and repair the clothes of a target.
•Create a short and simple sound, such as soft
bells or a single word, audible to all in the room.
•Whisper a short sentence into the ear of someone
you can see that is only heard by that person.
•Make a light object (such as a key or handkerchief)
dance about within a small area (such as the top of
a coffee table).
•Change the flavor of a food or drink, such as
making water taste like cherry juice.
•Light a candle, lantern, or other object designed
to be lit, that is within sight.
•Create a translucent and still image visible to all
in the room.
•Summon a small orb of light, about the brightness
of a lantern, that moves about the room erratically,
or hovers near a person.
•Open an unlocked door, window, or container
that could be easily opened with one hand and that
is within sight.
•Cause soft music to be audible within the room.

Phantasm
The caster conjures a complex illusion that can appear real.
Effect: The caster creates an animated illusion
that appears real to observers for 1 minute. When
created, the caster must declare all of the details of
the illusion, such as what it will do, and how it will
be sensed. The illusion does not react to external
stimulus unless controlled by the caster (see below).
The phantasm can be seen, heard, and smelled, but
not touched or tasted. If touched, the illusion may be
passed through, but is otherwise unharmed.
As long as a creature sensing the phantasm has no
reason to call it into question, it automatically fools
the observer. A character who has never been in a
particular room, for instance, would not notice the
illusion of a wall hiding a door that he never knew
was there in the first place.
If a character has a reason to disbelieve an illusion,
such as the image of a dead friend sitting in a chair,
then he must succeed on a Wp 10 Duel to disbelieve
the illusion. Otherwise, he believes the illusion is
real. If the character comes into physical contact with
the illusion, then he automatically disbelieves it.
The caster may take control of the illusions Actions
with a 1 AP Action. The illusion will act as the caster
wishes, and may even change its form, within the
bounds of the effect. In addition, the caster may
banish an illusion he created at any time without
using an Action.

----
Sorcery Magia
The Magia of Sorcery creates temporary effects that
typically have obvious combat applications. Sorcery,
as a general rule, creates elemental effects such as fire.
These “elemental” effects aren’t just the traditional
elements, but also include such concepts as force,
poison, and a variety of other options.


Elemental Engulf
The Caster causes a target to be surrounded with dangerous
elemental energy.
Effect: The target suffers 1/2/3 damage.
Requirements: This Magia must have at least one
Elemental Immuto.

Elemental Projectile
The Caster hurls a bolt of magical power at a target, much
like a bullet.
Effect: The target suffers 1/2/3 damage.
Requirements: This Magia must have at least one
Elemental Immuto.

Elemental strike
The Caster strikes his opponent with a melee attack infused
with elemental energy.
Effect: The target suffers 1/2/3 damage.
Requirements: This Magia must have at least one
Elemental Immuto.

Telekinetic Movement
The Caster moves a target with his mind, as if it were
grasped by unseen hands.
Effect: The caster may move a target object as if it
were being lifted and carried by a character with a
Might equal to the caster's Tenacity, and a Speed
equal to the caster's Cunning.
If the target is inanimate, it does not resist this Action
and the caster must simply meet the TN requirements
for moving the object. If the caster is attempting to
move an object held by another character, then the
character holding the object may resist the Spell.
A caster may choose to maintain this Spell, moving
the object from turn to turn. If he does so, the Spell
does not need to be cast again (if it was successfully
cast). The caster may not cast any other Spell while
maintaining the telekinesis, and moving the object
requires a (1) AP Action, as if this Spell were being
cast again.
A character may make attacks with an object held in
this way, making a standard melee attack using a skill
appropriate for the item (such as Melee for a sword),
but replacing the relevant Aspect with Intellect.

Telekinetic push
The Caster unleashes a blast or wave of force at a target,
shoving it with his mind.
Effect: The target is pushed a number of yards equal
to the caster's Tenacity directly away from the caster.

Sleep
The caster causes the target to lose consciousness.
Effect: If the target is Living, it must make
a TN 10 Unconsciousness Challenge. The
TN of the Challenge is increased by 2 for
each Margin of Success achieved by the
caster.
Note that this Spell is not resisted by the target, they
must pass the Unconsciousness challenge instead,
if the Spell is successful. This will create a set TN
for many Fatemaster characters (as their Flip value is
not random).

Wrench
The caster reaches into the target with telekinetic force,
wrenching internal organs about.
Effect: If the target is living, it must make a TN
10 Toughness + Resilience Challenge. The TN of
the Challenge is increased by 2 for each Margin of
Success achieved by the Caster.
Note that this Spell is not resisted by the
target, they must pass the challenge instead,
if the Spell is successful. This will create a
set TN for many Fatemaster characters
(as their Flip value is not random).
If the target fails the challenge it
suffers a Moderate Critical Effect,
with normal adjustments for damage
and other factors, as normal for a
Critical Effect.
