Alternate Resistance (TN +2)
If this Action is resisted by Wp, it is resisted by Df
instead. If it is resisted by Df it is resisted by Wp instead.

Blast (TN +2)
This Immuto may be taken up to three times. The
Action's Damage Flip gains 0/0/b the first time it
is taken, 0/b/b the second time, and 0/b/bb the
third time. These effects are added to the damage the
Magia deals.

Combined Spell (TN +5)
This Spell combines the effects of two Spells. Choose
a second Magia and add its effects to this Spell. The
Spell must follow these requirements:
•The second Magia must have a Base TN equal to
or lower than the Base TN of the primary Magia.
•The resist of the Magia must be the same.
•The Primary Magia may only have Immuto that
can be applied to both Magia.
•The Magia must be different.
240 Chapter 8: Magic

Delay [Special] (TN Variable):
The Spell is delayed, waiting for a set time to be
released. When an Action with the Delay Immuto is
taken the character spends the AP to cast the Spell
and declares all targets as normal, but no other Spell
effects are resolved and no Duels are made. Instead,
when the Delay condition is met, the Spell takes
effect and is resolved as normal, with no additional
AP spent.
The caster may choose to not have the Spell take
effect at the prescribed time, allowing the Spell to
instead dissipate.
There are two situations that can be chosen to resolve a
delayed Spell:
Turns (TN +2): The character chooses a number of
turns (up to 10) of Dramatic Time that the Spell will be
delayed. After that many turns have passed, the Spell
takes effect.
Defined (TN +5): The character may define a situation
in which the Spell will be cast, such as when an enemy
walks through a location, or a key word is spoken. Unless
made permanent through Harness Soulstone, this effect
will dissipate, without resolving the Spell, at sunrise or
sunset (whichever comes first).
The defined situation must be an external event, it cannot
be something that the Caster has control over (such as,
"when I say the magic word"). The defined condition
must be an event that the character cannot absolutely
predict. For instance, he could set a Spell to cast when
a door is opened, however, it would simply dissipate if
the character then opened the door himself, or had a
knowledgeable friend do it.

Ignore Caster (TN +2)
This Spell has no effect on the caster of the Spell, he
suffers no damage and is only subject to secondary
effects. For instance, the caster is immune to the fireball
Spell itself, but, if he sets the building on fire, he still has
cause for concern.

Focus Object (TN Varies)
This Spell requires a focus to be cast, allowing the caster
to reduce the Spell's TN by requiring a Focus Object.
When this Immuto is learned, the Focus Object is also
chosen, and cannot be changed later on. A character
may, however, learn multiple versions of this Immuto.
Any attempts to cast a Spell with a Focus Object
Immuto without the Focus Object, immediately fail.
The object must be brandished when the Spell is cast.
A character who, for instance, requires a wand for a
Spell must have the wand in their hand and visible to
all. In the case of non-portable objects, it must simply
be visible to all and touched by the caster (although
many casters will add a bit of showmanship as a matter
of professionalism).
The TN reduction is based on the portability and
commonality of the object (combine the two for a
final TN adjustment).
Portability:
-0 TN: Light object that can fit in a small pocket, such
as a coin or handful of beans.
-1 TN: Object that can be held in one hand or carried
in a pouch/holster, such as a wand or a pistol.
-2 TN: Object that can be carried in two hands, such
as a staff or a rifle.
-3 TN: Objects that are effectively immobile without
much effort, such as an engraved summoning circle
or large iron cauldron.
Commonality:
-0 TN: Extremely common object that can be readily
purchased for under 10§, such as a length of rope or
a pistol.
-1 TN: Object with a few requirements but that is
reasonably available, such as a certain make/model
of pistol, or a wand made from oak.
-2 TN: Object that must be specifically crafted by
or for the caster (requiring at least 2 hours of work),
but that can be replaced, such as a special staff, or a
customized weapon/pneumatic limb.
-3 TN: Objects that are irreplaceable. If the object is
lost or destroyed the character is just out of luck!