Augmentation Immuto
These Immuto enhance the way a Magia performs,
usually by increasing numeric values inherent to the
Spell's effect.


Additional Suit (TN -2)
The TN for the Spell gains an additional required
Suit of the caster's choice.

Alter Range (TN Varies)
This Immuto may be placed
on a Spell multiple times.
Each time it is taken the
Spell moves up or down the
Range Step table one step.
Moving up the table (lowering
the range) reduces the TN of
the Spell Action by -2. Moving
down the table (increasing the
range) increases the TN of
the Spell by 2.
Some Spells do not have a y
or z symbol in their range. If this is the case, they move
up and down the range table as normal, but they do not
gain the Close or Projectile (yor z) attached to range.
A y Magia may never increase its range beyond y3,
and a z Magia may never reduce its range below z5.

Increase AP: (TN -3)
The Spell requires 1 additional AP to cast. This Immuto
may be taken multiple times, but a character may not
spend AP over multiple turns to cast this Spell. This
Immuto may only be placed on Spells cast during
Dramatic Time.

Increased damage (TN +2)
This Immuto may be placed
on a Spell multiple times.
Each time this Immuto is
taken, improve the Magia's
Damage Flip one step on the
damage Step table.

Increased Duration (TN +2)
This Immuto may be placed
on a Spell multiple times.
Each time it is taken move
the Spell duration down the
Duration Step table one step.
Any part of the Spell with a
set duration (for instance the
time a target remains buried
by a Bury Spell) will be
increased 1 step.
Spells with a duration that
sit between two steps (for
instance, Animate Limb) are
assumed to sit on the lower
step of the two they are between. For instance, an
Animate Limb Spell cast by a character with a Charm
+ Enchanting of 5 would be considered a "1 Month"
Spell. By raising the TN by 2 he can increase the
duration to 6 months.

Increase Pulse (TN +2)
This Immuto may be placed on a Spell multiple times.
Any pulse range in the Spell is increased by 1, and the
TN to resist the pulse is increased by 1.

Increase Resistance (TN +2)
This Immuto may be placed on a Spell multiple times.
Any Duel made by characters affected by the Spell (such
as Horror Duels) has the TN of the Duel increased by 1.

Increased Severity (TN +1)
Increase the Severe value of the Damage Flip by 1. A
Magia may have this Immuto multiple times, increasing
the Severe damage of its Damage Flip by 1 each time.
Magia that do not have a damage flip, but instead deal
a set amount of damage, may take this Immuto as well,
increasing the damage by 1 each time this Immuto is
taken. However, those Magia must increase the TN by
+2, instead of +1.

Pulse (TN +4)
The Spell affects every legal target within an area around
the initial target. If the target of the Spell is hit, then every
character within 1 yard that could be affected by the Spell
must succeed on a TN 10 Duel, using the same defense
as the initial target.
Any character that fails the Duel also suffers the results
of the pulse. If damage is dealt they automatically suffer
Weak damage.

Reduce AP (TN +5)
The Spell requires 1 less AP to cast. This Immuto may
be taken multiple times, reducing the AP required by 1
each time (to a minimum of 0).

Reduce damage (TN -1)
This Immuto may be placed
on a Spell multiple times.
Each time this Immuto is
taken, decrease the Magia's
Damage Flip one step on the
damage Step table.

Reduce Resistance (TN -2)
This Immuto may be placed on a Spell multiple times.
Any Resistance Duel made by the target (such as Horror
Duels) has the TN of the Duel decreased by 1.

Reduce Severity (TN -3)
If the Spell deals a set amount of damage, instead of a
Damage Flip, the Magia instead deals no damage. All
other effects of the Magia remain the same. Targets that
would suffer effects only if they suffered damage still
suffer the effects of the Magia.

Selective Targeting (TN +4)
This Spell has no effect on characters the caster does
not wish to target (although secondary effects may
still affect them).