Elemental Immuto
Elemental Immuto are a sub-set of Immuto that add
elemental effects to some Spells. Along with the more
"traditional" four elements, Elemental Immuto include a
variety of other types of environmental effects.
A Spell may only have one Elemental Immuto placed
on it.


Darkness (TN +1)
Any character that suffers damage from the Magia also
gains the Blind condition for 1 turn. This Magia may
be taken multiple times, increasing the duration of the
Blind condition by 1 turn each time.

Decay (TN +1)
Any undead character that suffers damage from the
Magia suffers no damage and heals 1 damage instead.
This Magia may be taken multiple times, increasing the
amount of damage healed by undead by 1 each time.

Electric (TN +3)
Damage dealt by this Magia ignores armor. In addition,
the attack does not randomly determine its target if it is
used on a target that is engaged.

Fire (TN +2)
Any character that suffers damage from the Magia also
gains the Burning +1 condition. This Magia may be
taken multiple times, increasing the value of the Burning
condition given by 1 each time.

Ice (TN +3)
Any character that suffers damage from the Magia also
gains the Slow condition. This Magia may be taken
twice, and, if it is taken a second time, the target gains
the Paralyzed condition instead of Slow.

Natural (TN +2)
Any character that suffers damage from the Magia also
gains the following condition: "Rooted: This character
may not take Walk or Charge Actions. If this character is
pushed, remove this condition and the character suffers
3 damage."

Poison (TN +1)
Any character that suffers damage from the Magia also
gains the Poison +1 condition. This Magia may be
taken multiple times, increasing the value of the Poison
condition given by 1 each time.

Spirit (TN +4)
Damage dealt by this Magia ignores armor and the Hard
to Wound ability.

Terror (TN +1)
Any character that suffers damage from the Magia must
make a TN 6 Horror Duel. This Magia may be taken
multiple times, increasing the TN of the Horror Duel
by 1 each time.