Enchanting Magia
Enchantment is the art of magically augmenting a
target. Whether imbuing a sword so that it is constantly
freezing to the touch, or healing the wounds of a friend,
Enchanting Magia usually enhances a target in some way.


Animate construct
The caster imbues a prepared construct body with life so
that it might obey his commands.
Effect: Target inanimate construct comes to life as a
construct under the caster's control for 1 hour. At the
end of the Spell, the construct returns to its inanimate
form, and may be later reanimated.
A caster may only control one construct at a time.

Animate Limb
The caster causes an artificial limb to come to life under the
control of the character the limb is attached to.
Effect: The target limb comes to life for a number of weeks
equal to the Charm + Enchanting of the caster (or less if the
caster wishes). The limb is under the control of the character
attached to it, which is not necessarily the caster.
The limb must have been crafted to perform as a limb,
although it need not be shaped or otherwise created in
the form of a natural limb.
Pneumatic limbs are detailed on page 178. If a character
has a non-Pneumatic replacement (such a stitched
together arm from the flesh of dead men) then the TN
requires a C instead of a t.

Heal
The caster channels raw magical energy into a target,
causing it to return to its proper form.
Effect: The target heals 1/2/3 damage, if it is living.
The target may choose to not resist, making this Spell a
Simple Duel instead. Each additional time a character is
targeted by this Spell within an hour the TN is increased
by 3 or requires an additional a R (caster's choice). If
this Spell fails to heal a target, the target may not receive
magical healing from this Magia until the next sunrise.
Mend Critical
The caster focuses magical energy into the target, repairing
the worst of its damage.
Effect: Remove a single condition from the target, if it
is living. The target may choose to not resist, making
this Spell a Simple Duel instead.
The removed condition must be a Critical condition or
a condition placed on the target by a non-magical effect.
This is a 0 AP Action unless the condition being
removed is a Moderate or Severe Critical condition. If it
is Moderate this is a 1 AP Action and if it is Severe this
is a 2 AP Action.

Physical Enhancement
The caster enhances the target's physical prowess,
invigorating the target.
Effect: The target gains the following condition for
one hour: "Physically Enhanced +1: This character
adds +1 to his Physical Aspects, to a maximum of 5."

Elemental Weapon
The caster enhances a weapon, or a person's body, with an
elemental effect.
Effect: The target weapon gains the effects of an
Elemental Immuto, treating the weapon as if it were
the Magia that the Immuto were altering. This effect
lasts 1 minute.
The wielder of the weapon may resist and, if they
choose to do so, this Spell immediately fails.
This Magia may also be cast on a person, causing
their unarmed attacks to gain the benefits of the
Elemental Immuto. The target of this power suffers
no damage from this effect (they don't catch fire from
their burning hands, for instance).
This Spell must choose a single Elemental Immuto
to be cast.

Shapeshift
The Caster takes on the physical form of an animal.
Effect: The caster's body shifts into a Beast for 1
turn. The caster gains the Beast characteristic while
shifted, as well as all of the Beast's physical qualities
(such as poisonous fangs, or the ability to fly).
The TN for this Magia is 10t, plus the difference
between the Beast's highest Physical Aspect and the
caster's lowest Physical Aspect. For instance, a caster
with a Speed of -2 (his lowest Aspect) shifting into a
creature with a Might of +4 (its highest Aspect) would
have a TN of 16t (10, plus the difference of 6).