Genus Immuto
These Immuto have two functions, in that they can add
a legal target to a Spell, or remove all others. These
are referred to as Unleashing and Chaining the Spell,
respectively.
A Spell may only have one Genus Immuto placed on it.
Each Genus's target modifier is listed without a positive
or negative value. This is because the TN for the Spell is
raised by the noted value when the Spell is Unleashed,
and the TN is lowered when the Spell is Chained.
Unleashing a Spell
If a Spell lists a specific target other than the target
type of the Genus Immuto, then the Immuto will add
the noted Genus to the legal targets of the Spell.
For instance, the Interrogate Spell allows the caster
to ask questions of a Living target. If the caster added
the undead Genus to the Spell, it would allow the
character to ask questions of an undead target.
Unleashing a Spell requires Fatemaster consent, as
many Spells simply won't have a way to resolve against
some target types. While creatively rationalizing or
resolving such things is the very essence of magic, it
is ultimately up to the Fatemaster to determine how
Unleashing a Spell works in these odd situations, if it
works at all.
When a Spell has an Unleashed Genus, it increases
the TN by the Genus's TN modifier.
Chaining a Spell
If a Spell can already target the Genus's subject, then
the Spell becomes Chained to the Genus. The Spell
can only choose targets with the noted Genus.

Beast (TN 2)
The Spell affects targets with the Beast Characteristic.

Construct (TN 2)
The Spell affects targets with the construct Characteristic.

Living (TN 1)
The Spell affects targets with the Living Characteristic.

Location (TN 3)
The Spell affects a location within range. Any targets in
the area that could normally resist the Spell are assumed
to automatically succeed in their Resistance Duel.

Inanimate (TN 3)
The Spell affects only objects that cannot move under
their own volition.

Spirits (TN 2)
The Spell affects targets with the Spirit Characteristic.

Undead (TN 2)
The Spell affects targets with the undead Characteristic.