Necromancy
The so-called "Dark Art" of Necromancy is, to its
practitioners, an art of life, death, and the very substance
of human existence. Necromancy Magia deals with the
ephemeral energies of thought and death.


Beckon
The caster lures a target towards himself.
Effect: Target character must move its Walk
Aspect directly towards the caster and must end this
movement as close to the caster as possible.

Bury
The caster traps a target within an "other realm" where time
does not pass.
Effect: The target is removed from reality. It will
return to reality at the end of the turn, appearing in a
safe spot within 1 yard of the caster, without sensing
that any time passed.

Cadaver Mask
The caster removes the face of a corpse and wears the dead
man's visage for a while.
Effect: The character removes the face of the corpse
and takes on the appearance and voice that the corpse
had in life. The character gains a ++ to all attempts
to impersonate the person. This effect lasts until the
next Sunrise or Sunset.

Interrogate
The caster sifts through the target's mind, looking for
answers to questions.
Effect: The caster may ask a single yes-or-no question
of the living target, plus an additional question for
each Margin of Success. The character will receive
a truthful yes, no, or "I don't know" answer from the
target, to the best of the target's ability.

Mind Control
The caster takes momentary command over the target's mind
and body, forcing them to take an Action against their will.
Effect: The target takes a 1 AP Action
that it could normally take under
this character's control. This Action
may not force the target to sacrifice
itself directly, but can cause him
to take Actions against his own
nature (such as attacking
his friends). A caster may
not affect themselves
with Mind Control.

Raise undead
The caster brings a corpse to life to serve him.
Effect: Target corpse becomes an undead under the
caster's control for 10 minutes. The undead undergoes
the following alterations from the original form:
•The undead's Tenacity is increased to 3 and all of
its other Mental Aspects are lowered to -5.
•The undead loses the Living Characteristic (if it
has it) and gains the Undead Characteristic.
•The undead loses any mental skills it had in life, and
the physical skill ratings are halved (rounding up).
Alternatively, this Spell may be used to take control
of an uncontrolled and non-sentient undead creature.
The new undead may need physical repairs (as critical
damage may physically render the body less useful).
Otherwise, the corpse is raised with half of its Wounds
remaining.
At the end of the Spell, the undead becomes
uncontrolled (and usually violent).

Subsume Corpse
The caster causes a corpse to disintegrate, restoring his own
body in the process.
Effect: Target corpse is turned into dust. The caster
then heals 1/2/3 damage, plus an additional number
of Wounds equal to the corpse's Resilience (if the
Resilience is positive).

Terrifying Aura
The caster emanates a powerful aura that causes terror in
the living.
Effect: The target gains a powerful Terrifying Aura
for 1 minute. If a Living character ends a movement
within a1 of the target, or attacks the target, it must
succeed on a TN 10 Horror Duel.
See page 219 for rules regarding Fated characters
causing Horror Duels.