Prestidigitation Magia
The arts included in Prestidigitation are more than simply
producing something from nothing. Prestidigitation
Magia governs anything with illusion, space, and the
corresponding locations of objects within that space.


Divination
The caster throws his sense to a target location, seeing and
hearing as if he were in that location.
Effect: The caster enters a divination trance, his body
going limp. While in the trance the caster can see and
hear as if his sense were located at the target location.
The target location must obey all of the normal targeting
restrictions for a Spell (range, Line of Sight, etc.).
The effects of this Spell last for one hour, or until the
caster wishes the Spell to end. The caster may not take
any other Actions while in a divination trance.

Teleport
The caster teleports the target causing it to vanish and then
reappear in a new location.
Effect: A target within range of this Spell is teleported
to a safe location within range of this Spell. The target
may choose to relent to the teleportation, in which
case the caster must make a Simple Challenge Duel
instead.
Objects may also be teleported, but if the object is in
the possession of someone, they may resist the Spell.

Conjuring
The caster summons an object from nothing in an instant.
Effect: The Caster summons an object that was
previously prepared for summoning. The object appears
in his hands, and must be an object that the character
can hold in both hands.
A character may prepare an object for summoning by
touching the object briefly and mentally concentrating on
it. A character may have a number of objects prepared
for summoning equal to his Cunning Aspect, with a
minimum of 1.
The range of this Spell is equal to the user's Cunning
Aspect in miles.

Invisibility
The caster obscures a target's appearance, blending in with
the background or becoming completely transparent.
Effect: The target becomes invisible for 1 round.
The invisibility immediately breaks if the character
interacts with the world in a meaningful way, such as
by attacking, moving an object, or opening doors.
Any attempts to spot the character suffer --- to
the Flip if the spotter is relying on sight at all while
the character is invisible. Even a guard who hears
footsteps, for instance, will believe his eyes when he
turns to see nobody there.
The character can otherwise be registered by other
senses, but not by magical "sight" based sense (such as
seeing spirits).
Any attacks made against an invisible character suffer
--- to their attack Flip. If the attack succeeds,
however, the invisibility ends as well.

Parlor Tricks
The caster produces one of a variety of minor and obviously
magical effects.
Effect: The caster may choose one of the following
effects to produce. These effects may never be used
to directly harm a target physically, and any situation
that would warrant a Resist Duel is automatically won
by the Defender, if he wishes.
•Instantly clean and repair the clothes of a target.
•Create a short and simple sound, such as soft
bells or a single word, audible to all in the room.
•Whisper a short sentence into the ear of someone
you can see that is only heard by that person.
•Make a light object (such as a key or handkerchief)
dance about within a small area (such as the top of
a coffee table).
•Change the flavor of a food or drink, such as
making water taste like cherry juice.
•Light a candle, lantern, or other object designed
to be lit, that is within sight.
•Create a translucent and still image visible to all
in the room.
•Summon a small orb of light, about the brightness
of a lantern, that moves about the room erratically,
or hovers near a person.
•Open an unlocked door, window, or container
that could be easily opened with one hand and that
is within sight.
•Cause soft music to be audible within the room.

Phantasm
The caster conjures a complex illusion that can appear real.
Effect: The caster creates an animated illusion
that appears real to observers for 1 minute. When
created, the caster must declare all of the details of
the illusion, such as what it will do, and how it will
be sensed. The illusion does not react to external
stimulus unless controlled by the caster (see below).
The phantasm can be seen, heard, and smelled, but
not touched or tasted. If touched, the illusion may be
passed through, but is otherwise unharmed.
As long as a creature sensing the phantasm has no
reason to call it into question, it automatically fools
the observer. A character who has never been in a
particular room, for instance, would not notice the
illusion of a wall hiding a door that he never knew
was there in the first place.
If a character has a reason to disbelieve an illusion,
such as the image of a dead friend sitting in a chair,
then he must succeed on a Wp 10 Duel to disbelieve
the illusion. Otherwise, he believes the illusion is
real. If the character comes into physical contact with
the illusion, then he automatically disbelieves it.
The caster may take control of the illusions Actions
with a 1 AP Action. The illusion will act as the caster
wishes, and may even change its form, within the
bounds of the effect. In addition, the caster may
banish an illusion he created at any time without
using an Action.