Sorcery Magia
The Magia of Sorcery creates temporary effects that
typically have obvious combat applications. Sorcery,
as a general rule, creates elemental effects such as fire.
These “elemental” effects aren’t just the traditional
elements, but also include such concepts as force,
poison, and a variety of other options.


Elemental Engulf
The Caster causes a target to be surrounded with dangerous
elemental energy.
Effect: The target suffers 1/2/3 damage.
Requirements: This Magia must have at least one
Elemental Immuto.

Elemental Projectile
The Caster hurls a bolt of magical power at a target, much
like a bullet.
Effect: The target suffers 1/2/3 damage.
Requirements: This Magia must have at least one
Elemental Immuto.

Elemental strike
The Caster strikes his opponent with a melee attack infused
with elemental energy.
Effect: The target suffers 1/2/3 damage.
Requirements: This Magia must have at least one
Elemental Immuto.

Telekinetic Movement
The Caster moves a target with his mind, as if it were
grasped by unseen hands.
Effect: The caster may move a target object as if it
were being lifted and carried by a character with a
Might equal to the caster's Tenacity, and a Speed
equal to the caster's Cunning.
If the target is inanimate, it does not resist this Action
and the caster must simply meet the TN requirements
for moving the object. If the caster is attempting to
move an object held by another character, then the
character holding the object may resist the Spell.
A caster may choose to maintain this Spell, moving
the object from turn to turn. If he does so, the Spell
does not need to be cast again (if it was successfully
cast). The caster may not cast any other Spell while
maintaining the telekinesis, and moving the object
requires a (1) AP Action, as if this Spell were being
cast again.
A character may make attacks with an object held in
this way, making a standard melee attack using a skill
appropriate for the item (such as Melee for a sword),
but replacing the relevant Aspect with Intellect.

Telekinetic push
The Caster unleashes a blast or wave of force at a target,
shoving it with his mind.
Effect: The target is pushed a number of yards equal
to the caster's Tenacity directly away from the caster.

Sleep
The caster causes the target to lose consciousness.
Effect: If the target is Living, it must make
a TN 10 Unconsciousness Challenge. The
TN of the Challenge is increased by 2 for
each Margin of Success achieved by the
caster.
Note that this Spell is not resisted by the target, they
must pass the Unconsciousness challenge instead,
if the Spell is successful. This will create a set TN
for many Fatemaster characters (as their Flip value is
not random).

Wrench
The caster reaches into the target with telekinetic force,
wrenching internal organs about.
Effect: If the target is living, it must make a TN
10 Toughness + Resilience Challenge. The TN of
the Challenge is increased by 2 for each Margin of
Success achieved by the Caster.
Note that this Spell is not resisted by the
target, they must pass the challenge instead,
if the Spell is successful. This will create a
set TN for many Fatemaster characters
(as their Flip value is not random).
If the target fails the challenge it
suffers a Moderate Critical Effect,
with normal adjustments for damage
and other factors, as normal for a
Critical Effect.